Flyway healthcheck (#5730)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/flyway.adoc

<1> Inject the Flyway object if you want to use it directly
<2> Use the Flyway instance directly

> == Flyway migration Health Check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Flyway database migrations Health Check
```

If you are using the `quarkus-smallrye-health` extension, `quarkus-flyway` will automatically add a readiness health check
to validate the datasource.

> So when you access the `/health/ready` endpoint of your application you will have information about the flyway migration validation status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So when you access the `/health/ready` endpoint of your application you will have information about the Flyway migration validation status.
```

> This behavior can be disabled via the property `quarkus.flyway.health.enabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior can be disabled by setting `quarkus.flyway.health.enabled` to `false`.
```
